{"title": "How to Ride a Guy with CONFIDENCE", "imgname": "DaPe7AwpZf8", "comments": ["Yes sis, that confidence while riding is everything. I wasn\u2019t always there, but I am now.", "Soooo am I the only one that could not get over how cute , small and innocent Burkin looked cuddled up sleeping in the cut The counter top story tho  ok Stella", "Honestly, I really feel sorry for women who are in a relationship and still don't feel confident enough to enjoy their sexlife  as they should do and deserve ", "I love how Birkin is just sleeping away while Mommy talks about sex  & I definitely switch up the pace when I get tired. You gotta distract him, kiss on him, rub his stomach, etc.", "I remember my first time riding. I did not feel confident because of my belly, so I left my clothes on. It's 10 years ago and now I AM LOVING it! My tip: let him SIT on the bed or couch for the stimulation. Especially when he is thin.", "Yaaasss sis is looking extra gorgeous. The hair, makeup and white top is giving what it\u2019s supposed to give okay. Awww your dog looks so precious back there snuggled up ", "Wow, your timing is Impeccable!! Needed this for this upcoming Friday ", "I walk 2 to 3 miles a day and it's very hard because of chronic pain for me to ride but I'm not giving up LOL I wish this series would never end but I do understand what you had explained about it so take good care stay safe be blessed and please bring us all this content you possibly can", "she honestly needs to post more videos like this she doesn\u2019t post too often"]}
{"title": "How to Ride!", "imgname": "-tU_Vz5O-v0", "comments": ["You never fail to make me laugh love you hun x", "Thank you so much my dear, as a older man with ED, this position keeps it up harder and longer. Love you, keep it up.", "Number 4 was a great tip . Love eye contact with my woman. Creates a certain bond that for that time only we share.", "Hell yes! Thank you, Miranda! I owe you a hug. Speaking as a cisge3nder straight guy (who's also a virgin) ... I would prefer my partner ride me. And a wholehearted hell yes to what you said in this video.Just a suggestion for a future video or few ... tips for virgin guys.", "I will say that my exocric floor dance classes ans pole dance classes have massively stepped up my ride. You learn how to move your hips, build up insane leg and knee strength, flexibility, and most important- confidence.", "Seeing your Squishmallows in the background is always a bonus! ", "Well, honey, I'm older and in all my years I have never learned to like being on top. You did not actually cover as much as I thought you would.  Things like how to balance, how to place legs, lots of things.  All I really got out of this was there's a time and place for fast but start slow.  What if you can't even get that far?", "It helps a lot if the woman has somewhat long legs and is tall. If the legs are short, she has to open them more to straddle his hips and this can cause discomfort and upper leg cramps near the hips. If she is flexible and can open them wide that helps a lot too. Otherwise, she has to find a work around such as squatting. Traditional Asian women are great at squatting when riding their man. Many women ride for a short time and then change up before discomfort starts.", "It's the ' Girl ' .  Thankyou,  Thankyou,  Thankyou for all you've taught me.   I love this new one..", "Your funny asf \ufe0f\ufe0f\ufe0f"]}
{"title": "HOW TO RIDE A HORSE FOR BEGINNERS (STEP BY STEP) \ud83d\udc0e", "imgname": "fV7kuUrjutY", "comments": ["I\u2019ve played 500 hours of Red dead redemption 2. I should be teaching this.", "Love your tutorial  very informative.  I've just started riding  at the age of 65. It's been always my childhood dream. Thank you and God bless.", "Just found your channel - beginner rider here.  After two lessons I can already see that there is so much to learn, but that is what lessons are for.  I'm already enjoying riding...a little sore...but still enjoying it!", "First step: find a farm or buy a horse.", "With all due respect to my teachers, I wish they would explained it the way you did. I guess with being new to riding they think I might not last, but I  have every desire to. So thank you, I  will continue to watch", "I dont even have a horse. Lmaoohgod i just opened this and now i remember my horse phase ", "Hi There!  As a beginner, I like to return to this video so I can still make a mental note of the basics when I am not riding, it is such a great video and easily demonstrated. So thank you again. Chris", "Literally, Red Dead Redemption 2 has made me loves horses, I am fascinated with these animals now and hope to one day own or at least ride one, great video!", "Absolutely fantastic video! I started riding lessons a couple of days ago, and while there are some differences since my instructor is starting me with western riding, your videos have still helped me significantly. It's a rather unusual activity for someone like me to get into, but I really enjoy it a lot. Keep up the fantastic work!"]}
{"title": "How To Ride A Bike From Scratch! | A Beginners Guide To Starting Bike Riding", "imgname": "UOg1hHmGIQQ", "comments": ["I taught myself to ride a bike this year at the ripe age of 21! I bought a cheap bike, and a cheap helmet! I honestly didn't even think it was possible to learn as an adult. I learnt solo at night in a local park, filled with fear but also some hope it would be possible to learn. After about 30 minutes I managed for about 10 metres... After that it became easier and within 1.5hrs I could ride. Since learning I've even upgraded from my 80AUD bike to a 1300AUD TREK bike :). However the second time I rode a bike, a mountain bike, I hit a curb at a wrong angle and destroyed my ACL completely. Luckily I'm back on the saddle now, cycling bug as strong as ever :)", "Learning how to ride a bike as an adult is rough, but the freedom of being able to get around easily was worth the trouble", "Today I learned how to ride a bike for the first time at 29 years old, in 45 minutes! After reading comments of people saying they learned in such short time,  I really wanted to be one of them and I did it! It was the most amazing feeling! Thank you so much for the video!!!", "I learnt at the heady age of 57 after retiring. Found a guy who took me on some safe trails and held onto my shoulders for the first hour. At the end of the session he took me to the top of small hill and just got to freewheel and it was the Eureka moment of speed keeps you upright.Now 4 years later doing 10,000 miles a year on the Road and arranging and  leading 2 group rides a week of around 80 miles at 17/18 mph pace. Conclusion, it\u2019s never too late and the best thing I have ever done both from a health and a social perspective. Still wish my descending was better but the problem with age is that there is a greater tendency to overthink and greater respect for your own mortalityRead more", "This guy did very, very well for an adult learner! Manon went about it FAR better than I did years ago teaching my college roommate, trying the hold onto the seat while running behind method which isn't so easy with an adult learner.Definitely need a part 2 to correct any bad habits early, such as expecting to be able to reach the ground while on the saddle. It's shockingly common to see adults stay on the saddle when they come to a stop. Including my girlfriend, but she learned that quickly before discovering that all of my bikes feature toe overlap... Hadn't even occurred to me to mention until she was on the way down to (thankfully) the grass.Read more", "I learnt cycling earlier this year at the age of 42 after watching my young son be so good on the bike. Totally loved it even though I crashed going downslope in June and suffered an ankle fracture. Going to cycle again as soon as I can.", "Thank you so much for this!  I took a class on how to ride a bike in my 30s. The things that many cyclists don't even think about, like just getting on the bike, were very scary to me. Now I bike thousands of miles a year and can't imagine my life without it. Just needed someone patient to break down the steps. Nicely done!", "This was an amazing episode! They need to make more instructional videos. For ppl like me - I love climbing hills but chicken out on fast descents with turns at the end. Would really appreciate any piece of guidance! Love this channel :)", "Manon  is indeed a great teacher, this guy is very fast learner too"]}
{"title": "How To Ride A Motorcycle (For Beginners)", "imgname": "JJfg7iQRXZ8", "comments": ["I don't even have a motorcycle yet I'm watching this \ufe0f", "I'm a car enthusiast looking to get into bikes. This tutorial is perfect! Will start studying up ways to ride safely and properly!", "I already know how to ride, but this explains it really well.For warning to new riders, don't shift down multiple gears at once if you're in motion. The RPM's can go too high and damage the bike", "don't just watch this video and go and get yourself a bikeyou're right. I got the bike and NOW i'm watching the video", "Honestly I\u2019ve been watching a lot of tutorials and this guy by far has explained it well shoutout to the homie preciate it", "Just bought my first bike and will be learning to ride this weekend with the help of a friend. Thank you for taking the time to make this video so in depth it really is taking my stress about it down because it\u2019s not as difficult as I\u2019m overthinking it", "This was very helpful I no longer crash as much in gta anymore", "I appreciate the time you took to make this video, my friend. Im signed up for classes in a few weeks, just trying to be as ready as I can before hand, as I've only even been on a moped. I like that everything you are teaching is reinforced in the safety manual I've been reading. Appreciate you, my guy!!!", "I just passed the msf course and got my motorcycle license, watching this makes me feel like a pro and a boss "]}
